There also is one little extra I wanted to show you. If you have to find some errors and you're debugging
your app, you learned how to debug that earlier
but there is a nice tool especially when using vuex,
it's called the vue developer tools,
simply google for it and you should find it in the chrome store kind of. You can then add it to your browser,
I already did this
and once you added it, you can open it in your developer tools here under vue.
Now the nice thing is these vue developer tools show you all your components and you can inspect your components
for example, you load it with the data they currently have,
see if it's computed or not, you can really dive into that.
But what you can also do is you can go to the vuex tab here and the nice thing is if I now buy it, a new
entry gets added, buy stock,
we see the time. I can now also if I decrease this, go back to the portfolio and sell this,
now we sell stock,
like this and I can always revert, like that,
so you can always switch back to older states to basically see or to time travel through your different
states you had.
So that's really nice,
you can always use this tool to do something but then still have a look at how it looked before you
did this or even reverted.
So that's a nice tool to analyze your vuex flow, your payload, the data you sent, how your application
looked at a certain point of time
and together with the other thing of analyzing your components there which you already had a look at.
This really is a powerful tool
you want to make sure to use when developing vuejs applications.